Added info on vimrc on lines 122 and 123 (#33505)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: guide/english/vim/useful-commands/index.md

Important: if you want to replace the first occurence of the word, remove the `g` at the end.

> ## The ".vimrc" file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## The vimrc file
```

> The *.vimrc* file is used to save your custom configurations so that you don't have to reconfigure your editor everytime you run vim.  To open/create your vimrc file just open open your cli and type in "vim ~/.vimrc" then add the commands you would normaly type into your editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.vimrc` file is used to save your custom configurations so that you don't have to reconfigure your editor every time you run vim.  To open/create your `vimrc`, file just open your cli and type in `vim ~/.vimrc` then add the commands you would normally type into your editor.
```
